Update manage-your-dashboard.mdx (#19909)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/manage-your-dashboard.mdx

You can also edit existing content by clicking the ellipses <Icon name="fe-more-horizontal"/>
icon on any Markdown widget and selecting <DNT>**Edit**</DNT>.

> The Markdown widget now supports Mermaid diagrams, learn more about it on https://mermaid.js.org/intro/syntax-reference.html#diagram-syntax.

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity:

```suggestion
The Markdown widget now supports Mermaid diagrams. For more information, refer to [Mermaid syntax reference](https://mermaid.js.org/intro/syntax-reference.html#diagram-syntax).
```
